 
A web & mobile event app designed to bring event celebrants and guests together to interact in one single portal.

Every on-going and upcoming nearest event appears on your phone as a beep or notification with mile distance based on the present location using your phone GPS.
Moving from one place to another or one city to another, you should see any event you can attend or crash but with the approval of the celebrant .
People can also search event by locations

Imagine money coming from your mobile phone when you spray celebrants or people in an event without having to carry cash, spray cash straight from your phone and money is deposited in the celebrant's bank account instantly.

This is an app that enables an event celebrant to be sprayed directly from a mobile phone with money in different currencies by event guests/invitees from any part of the world VIRTUALLY and invitees can attend virtually through Hologram or Virtually and In-Person.

We are innovatively altering the way the whole wide world perceives events management and are able to save them time, cost, and generate money. This helps them actively improve their lives and event performance with our innovative new technology, tools and practices.
Some of the features of the app are available in the second release which is currently WIP.

eSprayMe Purpose
We do what we do and do it to the best.  We devise our work technique to draw humanity and opportunity to the event market, to save them time and cost in terms of planning of event, inviting guests, get sprayed remotely from Mobile devices, use of hologram technology for guests to appear at the event location, e-Store for shopping and selling of goods and services, and a host of other benefits.

eSprayMe Vision
We are somebody already because we are currently connecting people with events and celebrants. Most importantly saving time and cost in terms of attending and celebrating multiple events in one single day and ability for all parties to generate revenue and traffic.

Delivering the Mission
We are delivering the mission in a simple way by developing, creating and delivering the best event app media, technologies and platforms for event  players to interact and benefit monetarily
With our state-of-the-heart Event app technology, we store different event places for our subscribers to see and attend in any location they find themselves.
Our Hologram technology, a commendable Virtual Reality apparatus has made it commendably comfortable for event guests to attend events remotely and appear at the event location like a ghost.
 A web & mobile event app designed to bring event celebrants and guests together to interact in one single portal
Every on-going and upcoming nearest event appears on your phone as a beep or notification with mile distance based on the present location using your phone GPS. 
Moving from one place to another or one city to another, you should see any event you  can attend or crash but with the approval of the celebrant .
People can also search event by locations

It resolves the issues of defacing and abuse of currencies worldwide, tackle physical money spraying issues  and exposure to robbery attacks,reduce  fake currency Spraying and in fake currency in circulation.
Imagine money coming from your mobile phone when you spray celebrants or people in an event without having to carry cash, spray cash but money coming straight from your phone. 
This is an app that enables an event  celebrant to be sprayed directly from a mobile phone with money in different currencies by event guests/invitees from any part of the world VIRTUALLY and invitees can attend virtually through Hologram or Virtually and In-Person. 
It combines the physical view( Go Live)  and the virtual(Remote eSpray) on one screen with  two sections. 
Guests or invitees are able to come through the app and appear at the event location from any part of the world via Hologram
Celebrants invite friends, make it shareable by friends and can also be a private event with selected guests on eSprayMe. eSprayMe is connected to all social media for celebrants to send event invites to guests and invitees

-----------------------------

The App
A web & mobile event app designed to bring event celebrants and guests together to interact in one single portal
Every on-going and upcoming nearest event appears on your phone as a beep or notification with mile distance based on the present location using your phone GPS. 
Moving from one place to another or one city to another, you should see any event you  can attend or crash but with the approval of the celebrant .
People can also search event by locations
It resolves the issues of defacing and abuse of currencies worldwide, tackle physical money spraying issues  and exposure to robbery attacks,reduce  fake currency Spraying and in fake currency in circulation.
Imagine money coming from your mobile phone when you spray celebrants or people in an event without having to carry cash, spray cash but money coming straight from your phone. 
This is an app that enables an event  celebrant to be sprayed directly from a mobile phone with money in different currencies by event guests/invitees from any part of the world VIRTUALLY and invitees can attend virtually through Hologram or Virtually and In-Person. 
It combines the physical view( Go Live)  and the virtual(Remote eSpray) on one screen with  two sections. 

Celebrants invite friends, make it shareable by friends and can also be a private event with selected guests on eSprayMe. eSprayMe is connected to all social media for celebrants to send event invites to guests and invitees

---------------------------

Why eSprayMe
Able to hold private & corporate meetings and other events globally online and via Hologram technology
Adherence to government regulations on War Against Defacing & Abusing the currency but still enjoy our valuable culture of spraying money in different events.
Eliminate the act of carrying large sum of money to event locations 
Enhances security
Celebrants are able to receive more gifts online than traditional methods and are able to keep their money safe. 
Money Accurately counted unlike the traditional manual approach
Money is easier to track by Celebrant using the report dashboard
All monies sprayed is automatically deposited in recipient’s bank account before they are sprayed on First-In-First-Out, FIFO, basis
Able to see a list of invitees, gate crashers,and others
Avoid being robbed or arrested at an event with a large sum of money or Gun Spray.
Jobs for eSprayMe Event Engineers, eEE, in managing and setting up Holographic equipment at event locations worldwide
More business opportunities for Merchants selling goods & services and shoppers buying from eSprayMe e-Store
Companies and individuals are able to advertise their goods and services during and after events.

Other Advantages of eSprayMe continues
One of the advantages - eSpray would prevent diabolical spray especially in Africa
Prevent spraying of fake currencies
Prevent carrying and laundering of money
Safety - Secure money and prevent death as a result of armed robbery
Worldwide guests participation irrespective of location privileging celebrants of more gifts than usual
Another advantage is there’s no need to change money into $1 or 50 naira. 

Money Gift Hand Delivered to Celebrant by event guests on eSprayMe
Cash Enveloped and Hand Delivered To Celebrant  & Sprayed Later on eSprayMe
If money gift is hand delivered or by any other medium other than e-SprayMe, and donor want it to still pass Thru e-SprayMe after delivery thru any of those media, celebrant should be able to queue it for donor before the event to enable donor to eSpray the celebrant virtually.
